he actually in phase me yeah how about a
microsoft points did your name your boss
man what are you in phase four um
trickshotting are true what's a trick
shot can you get me you got a baby
eyeless there's 1 v1 then part of this
game ladies and gentlemen boys and girls
welcome we have phase 12 e verse 50 Cal
for a spawning phase oh I trick shot
haha ok oh good cool shit man
or 360 720 oh my god people this is
amazing Oh ready ready for this this is
called a jump shot spin Wow
do your budget thank you doing ready
ready chespin zooms in one two three you
gave a good much to know to me yeah I'll
tell you when wacom come down to target
be thanks amigo I'm get I get get it on
Todd it'd be like just get next to it
and we can have a trick shotting stay
right there no go over a bit to the
right hey there and we'll be like now
it's your turn to go up okay and what I
fooled you are spinning stuff then shoot
that could be with a um a bday darlin ya
know you know like I'm gonna do a why
why all right so you just there alright
hectic I want to do a lot of story oh we
shall chat
ready lattice tool
and he's on the ladder spins zooms in
mist ladder stall you know what that is
I don't know my getting nah you don't
know what a lot of stool is for all
right I'm on the ladder and then you
gotta like get off heaps quickly and
spin and then shoot him are you are
doing that right for their final time
we'll play it full seriously all right
you okay my planet they actually ah
Oh machine good that shift our dogs Oh
along and diseases 10 guys 50 Cal has
baton phase 12 e for sure oh oh my god
good you did that you didn't even get me
one from Snapple oh my cured I am in
phase now thanks man i am not in faith
man
you